Yes There is a everyone Good evening Makiri
Well this time I wonder if this will be a product introduction
I think there is this skinny Mr. everyone's will also knew land
How normal it is to make Garigar you scrape ice
It is this time that there is chai
In this place you want to make shaved ice with this Gari you
true
I ate normally
let's do it
lets do it
Rear I think that I want to go on using this for this
The Chitto was Tane this way touch that you can not
One One Doggy Doggy Doggy Doggy Doggy Doggy one
A little bit of the other party
To this go here in what is also Toka pickled
I want to raise me different people
See you here maybe
I think I could say that I had taken a bunch of waiting
Here
Pad this way
And and
Cara's
I'll put in
Is doing maybe this
Name that is doing this
That
In this
Maybe this is not the way
This probably is wrong
It's a customer too witch 0
What unexpected that network Chi
Cat Leonir
Come
Hey you
And I was cars or after it
There will be this jagged side with a free knee here
That
In this way
Please do not man this desk
Have
Chichuchuchu
Bet
Eddy
Say their own and become Ying Ji say put away
It is something that contains this
Hmm
Inertia class I also know Well
Had
Disagreeable
This is no now
It was completed
It is no use playing like this
This Te battery
To the West where the instruments are attached
This device
It is
this
Bodies has stopped Is the child because Te that Kizu' is
Is
It will become the first Summer Olympics
I would like to receive
Hmm
When we ate at last, this program is together
was sponsored by g this mother